Add support for iso formatted dates (yyyymmdd) (#53)
ComputerScienceHouse/QuotefaultAPI: README.md

}
```

> All `date` paramaters should use the format `yyyymmdd`. `mm-dd-yyyy` is still accepted for now but may be deprecated in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All `date` parameters should use the format `yyyymmdd`. The format `mm-dd-yyyy` is deprecated.
```
Since it may be removed in the future, I'd consider the second format deprecated.
